title: Liquidsoap Consulting

If you plan to use liquidsoap, or if you are already using it, we can help
you by providing advice in the use of liquidsoap.

h3. Who are we?

Liquidsoap Consulting is run by liquidsoap's core developers, making us the
formost experts on this technology.

But we are not just liquidsoap exerts. Most projects using liquidsoap have also
to interact other with components and we are also qualified to assist you with these
challenges as well. 

Our team has extensive expertise in a great variety of frameworks and
languages, such as Python, Django, PHP, Ruby, Rails, Javascript, node.js, jQuery,
coffeescript, C and many more. We are also Debian Developers and can provide 
expert advice on linux/POSIX infrastructure, software packaging, server maintenance,
cloud hosting such as heroku and much more...

h3. What can we do?

We are open to any request for any liquidsoap project. We will gladly help you
find out what kind of help we can provide.

If you want to know about specific services you can hire us for, here's a quick list:

h4. First contact

At the beginning of your project, you can discuss with us to make
the best choices, for the architecture of your liquidsoap project, for the components
that you are going to use, and for the developers that you are going to hire.

h4. Project Audit

At any stage of a liquidsoap project, you can query us for an external
audit of your project. We can use this opportunity to teach your developers guidelines
and good practices when writing liquidsoap code, and to improve the readability and 
maintainability of the code, while optimizing its performance.

h4. Training

For your project, you won't need to master every aspect of the liquidsoap language, but usually,
a few features will be critical in your particular application. We can design new courses
on the fly, to teach your developers the aspects of liquidsoap that really matter in your case.

h4. Support

You can engage us for a long-term support contract on all the open-source components that
your software is using.

h4. On-demand features

If your project needs a specific feature that is not currently available, you can
hire us to implement that feature within liquidsoap.

h3. How to contact us?

You can reach us by email at: "pro@liquidsoap.fm":mailto:pro@liquidsoap.fm.

Liquidsoap Consulting services are provided and billed through:
%%
EURYDICE Consulting
http://eurydiceconsulting.eu,
788 914 000 R.C.S. NANTERRE
%%
